Yusei: NOW LET'S GET UP TO SPEED
WITH "YU-GI-OH! 5D'S"!
SO THESE ARE
YOUR FRIENDS HUH?
YEAH, AND IF I DON'T
SHOW UP TO THE FORTUNE CUP
GOODWIN SAID
THEY'D PAY THE PRICE.
SOUNDS LIKE SOMETHING
GOODWIN WOULD DO.
IF IT'S NOT A BRIBE
IT'S A THREAT.
YOUR FRIENDS ARE
IN THE SATELLITE?
THEY ARE.
LISTEN, I WANT
TO HELP YOU OUT.
I'LL CHECK ON THEM,
AND MAKE SURE
NOTHING BAD HAPPENS.
YOU CAN GET
TO THE SATELLITE?
I CAN GET
ANYWHERE, YUSEI.
NOW DON'T WORRY...
YOU'LL BE BACK
WITH YOUR BUDS
IN NO TIME.
GOODWIN, OUR MASTER
OF CEREMONIES,
HAS SET UP A LOSERS BRACKET
FOR THE FIRST ROUND.
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN,
I PRESENT TO YOU...
MIIIIISSSS LUNA.
AND NOW, HER OPPONENT.
THE DEAN OF THE DECK.
THE PROFESSOR.
I'LL HELP YOU RETURN
TO THAT PLACE.
THE DUEL MONSTERS
SPIRIT WORLD.
TAKE US THERE NOW.
WE HAVE WORK TO DO.
LUNA!
[YUSEI THINKING]
THIS PROFESSOR CREEP.
HE'S DOING SOMETHING
TO HER, BUT WHAT?
NO WAY!
SHE HAS A MARK
LIKE MINE.
I ACTIVATE OBERON'S PRANK.
INSTEAD OF RESTORING
OUR LIFE POINTS,
IT DAMAGES US
FOR THE SAME AMOUNT.
[SCREAMING]
[GROANING]
SO HEY, HOW'S LUNA?
CHECK IT OUT.
OUR LOSERS' BRACKET BATTLE
HAS ENDED...
AND NEITHER COMPETITOR
WILL BE MOVING ON!
BOTH DUELISTS HAVE LOST.
♪ GOING FAST
MAKES ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN?
ONLY IF I LOSE ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪
YOU LOST??!!
HOW ARE WE SUPPOSED
TO KEEP DUELING NOW LUNA
IT'S NOT FAIR!
WELL, JUST LOOK
WHO'S TALKING!
AT LEAST I LOST ON PURPOSE
NOT LIKE YOU DID, LEO.
WELL, YEAH, BUT...
[THINKING] I GUESS
BECAUSE LEO PASSED OUT,
HE DOESN'T REMEMBER
MY DUEL WAS ABOUT
A LOT MORE THAN
THIS TOURNAMENT.
I'VE FINALLY LEFT
MY BODY BEHIND.
I HAVE ENTERED
THE SPIRIT WORLD!
WHAT D'YA WANT?
YOU ARE MUCH MORE IMPORTANT
THAN YOU KNOW, MY DEAR.
NOW BE A GOOD GIRL
AND ACT AS MY GUIDE,
REVEAL TO ME THE SECRETS
OF THIS WONDERFUL REALM.
LEND ME YOUR POWER.
[THINKING] AND WHAT POWER
WAS THE PROFESSOR
TALKING ABOUT?
COULD HE HAVE MEANT
THAT MARK ON MY ARM?
[GROAN]
[GRUNT]
WHAT'S WRONG LUNA?
HURT YOUR ARM
DURING THE DUEL?
YEAH, YOU KEEP
LOOKIN' AT IT
LIKE YOU'RE
EXPECTING TO
SEE SOMETHING.
[GRUNT] MY ARM'S FINE!
I PROMISE!
IF YOU SAY SO.
NOW I THINK IT'S TIME
I GET YOU TWO HOME.
HAVE FUN
BABYSITTIN' THEM!
ALL RIGHT!
WE'LL HAVE AN ALL NIGHT
DUELING SLEEPOVER!
MC: LADIES AND GENTLEMEN,
LISTEN UP!
[ALL GRUNT]
THE SECOND ROUND
HAS BEEN ANNOUNCED!
CHECK OUT
THE COMPETITION BRACKETS!
WHO KNOWS WHAT
EXCITEMENT WAITS?!
WHO WILL WIN,
WHO WILL LOSE?!
4 DUELISTS!
2 ROUNDS!
ONE CHAMPION!
WHO WILL IT BE?
THINGS ARE GONNA GET CRAZY!
SEE YA TOMORROW!
Leo: YUSEI VS. GREIGER.
OH NO!
NOT HIM!
GREIGER'S SUPER TOUGH!
HE EVEN BEAT ME!
LOOKS LIKE YOU'LL BE
TURBO DUELING.
THAT BAD?
YOU BET!
BECAUSE THE RUMOR
ON THE CIRCUIT SAYS
GREIGER'S GOT
A BRAND NEW DUEL RUNNER
HE'S GONNA BE USING.
IT'S SUPPOSED
TO BE UNBEATABLE.
[THINKING] I CAN'T
LET GREIGER WIN!
[GASP] IF I CAN
SNEAK INTO HIS GARAGE
BEFORE THE MATCH,
I COULD SEE WHAT HE'S GOT
PLANNED AND TELL YUSEI!
UH, ARE YOU OKAY?
HUH? OH!
YEAH! FINE!
I...JUST... UM...
LEFT... SOMETHING...
SOMEWHERE ELSE!
BE RIGHT BACK!
WHERE'RE YOU GOIN'?!
TO UM, YOU KNOW,
THAT PLACE WITH THE...
OH LOOK AT THE TIME... BYE!
[ALL GRUNT]
BUT LEO?
THIS CAN'T BE GOOD.
Foreman: ALRIGHT PEOPLE,
I DON'T KNOW WHY YOU WANTED
TO SNEAK BACK
INTO THIS TRASH TOWN
BUT WE'RE HERE.
HOPE YOU HAD A PLEASANT TRIP,
NOW GET YOUR THINGS
AND GET OFF MY BOAT.
ENJOY THE SATELLITE.
THE MANIFEST SHOWS THAT
YOU HAD 3 PASSENGERS
ON BOARD.
OK, SO, UH EVERYBODY'S
ALL PAID UP?
[GRUNT]
HEY! NOW GET MOVING
BEFORE YOU
GET PICKED UP
BY SECTOR SECURITY!
[MEN CHUCKLING]
STEP RIGHT UP FOR THE FASTEST
RIDE TO THE SATELLITE MARKETS:
THE PLACE TO GET THE BEST
RECYCLED ELECTRONICS AROUND!
THEY GOT ENCRYPTAHS,
DECRYPTAHS, RECRYPTAHS...
ALL MAKES, ALL MODELS!
ROOM FOR ONE MORE?
HEY, BLISTER!
IT'S BEEN WAY
TOO LONG BUDDY!
AREN'T YOU BASED
IN THE CITY NOW?
WHAT BRINGS YOU
BACK HERE?
A FAVOR FOR A FRIEND.
I THOUGHT
YOU GAVE UP FRIENDS.
SO DID I.
THIS CARD SHOULD HELP YOU
IN YOUR DUEL AGAINST YUSEI.
[SNICKER]
THIS IS PERFECT.
JUST DON'T
FORGET GREIGER.
WE NEED YOU TO BRING OUT
YUSEI'S MARK.
GREIGER KNOWS
WHAT THE STAKES ARE.
HE'S A FAITHFUL
SERVANT OF ILIASTER
AND WILL
DETERMINE IF YUSEI'S
TRULY A SIGNER
ONCE AND FOR ALL.
CORRECT?
YES, I SWEAR IT, SIR.
AND ONCE I'M FINISHED
CAN I RELY ON YOUR WORD?
OF COURSE!
YOUR VILLAGE RIGHT?
TRAGIC... I WISH
THERE WAS SOMETHING
THAT COULD HAVE
BEEN DONE TO STOP
THE DEVASTATION.
HOW IS YOUR FAMILY?
HAVE YOU HEARD
ANYTHING FROM THEM?
NOTHING YET.
I HOPE THAT
THEY ARE ALL OK.
OH, I'M SURE
THAT THEY ARE!
[GRUMBLE]
YES, AND I'M SURE
THEY'RE IN DIRE NEED
OF THE FOOD AND SUPPLIES
YOU PROMISED TO DELIVER
ONCE I GET
YUSEI'S MARK TO APPEAR.
NOW I MUST GO
AND PREPARE FOR MY DUEL.
[THINKING] YES, PREPARE.
NICE OUTFIT.
I DON'T HAVE TIME
TO TRASH TALK WITH YOU.
NOW WHADDYA WANT?
JUST THIS: I DON'T
LIKE YOU GREIGER
'N' I NEVER HAVE.
[GROWL]
NOW DON'T EVEN THINK
OF BEATING YUSEI,
HE'S ALL MINE.
BUT THEN AGAIN,
I SHOULDN'T WORRY
TOO MUCH.
YOU WERE BARELY
ABLE TO BEAT
THAT PIGTAILED
PIPSQUEAK BEFORE.
LISTEN UP JACK.
MY JOB IS TO PUT YUSEI
THROUGH THE RINGER.
SO IN THE MEANTIME,
WHY DON'T YOU STAY
OUTTA MY WAY
IF YOU DON'T
WANNA GET HURT.
YOU HAD BETTER NOT
INTERFERE WITH
MY DESTINY, GREIGER.
GREIGER'S GARAGE!
TIME TO CHECK OUT THAT
SUPER SECRET RUNNER OF HIS!
[GRUNTS]
ALMOST THERE, JUST A FEW MORE
INCHES AND I'M IN.
[YELLING]
[GRUNT]
NEXT TIME I'M PACKING
A PARACHUTE. [GROAN]
NOW TO FIND THAT RUNNER
SO I CAN HELP YUSEI.
[SCREAM]
THIS ISN'T HAPPENING!
IF I CAN'T SEE THEM,
THEY CAN'T SEE ME!
LEO'S NEVER
LATE FOR DINNER!
I MEAN HE LIKES
EATING FOOD
ALMOST AS MUCH
AS HE LIKES DUELING,
MAYBE EVEN MORE!
AND HE KNOWS
8 P.M. IS CURFEW.
I'LL GO OUT AND FIND HIM.
I HAVE A FEELING
HE'S IN TROUBLE.
I CAN HELP!
YOU SHOULD STAY HERE.
IT'S LATE.
COME ON PLEASE!
HE'S MY BROTHER!
WHAT IF HE'S HURT?
AND WE CAN COVER
TWICE THE GROUND
IN HALF THE TIME.
YOU GOT A POINT.
BUT BE SAFE
OUT THERE, OK?
OK.
[THINKING] SOMETHING MUST HAVE
TRIPPED THE ALARM TO MY GARAGE.
[GRUNT] WHA?
[SNORING]
WHAT'RE YOU DOIN' HERE?
Man: WOW THESE MARKETS
GOT EVERYTHING.
Second man:
YEAH, THE PRICES
ARE PERFECT.
Third man: I JUST
CAN'T BELIEVE
ALL THIS GREAT STUFF.
Fourth man: LEMME HAVE
ANOTHER ONE OF THOSE.
WE'RE HERE.
SWEET!
PROMISE ME THAT YOU'LL
BE CAREFUL BLISTER.
GOODWIN'S SECURITY GOONS
ARE LURKING EVERYWHERE!
DON'T YOU WORRY ABOUT ME.
I'LL BE FINE.
ALRIGHT, YUSEI,
THE COORDINATES YOU GAVE ME
SHOULD LEAD ME
RIGHT TO YOUR FRIENDS.
I JUST HOPE GOODWIN HASN'T
GOTTEN TO THEM ALREADY.
SO THIS IS IT.
AN OLD SUBWAY TUNNEL.
LOOKS LIKE IT HASN'T
BEEN USED IN DECADES.
I LIKE IT THOUGH.
REMINDS ME OF MY PLACE
BACK IN THE CITY,
JUST A BIT CLEANER.
HELLO?
ANYONE DOWN HERE?
DON'T BE ALARMED.
I'M A FRIEND OF YUSEI'S.
COME ON OUT.
HELLOOO??!!
HE SENT ME HERE
TO CHECK UP ON YOU GUYS.
AH! THIS PLACE
HAS BEEN RANSACKED.
THIS ISN'T GOOD.
WHERE COULD THEY BE?!
SO DID YOU FIND LEO?
NO... I'M SCARED.
DON'T WORRY LUNA.
YOUR BROTHER'S OUT HERE
N' WE'LL FIND HIM.
[GRUNT]
BLISTER?
YUSEI.
I WENT TO
YOUR FRIENDS' BUNKER
BUT THE PLACE'S
BEEN TOTALLY TRASHED.
TRASHED?!
BUT THEY'RE OK RIGHT?
THEY'RE MISSING.
I CAN'T FIND A TRACE.
WHAT HAPPENED?!
DID GOODWIN
TAKE THEM IN?!
NO IDEA.
AND HERE'S WHERE
THE TRAIL GOES COLD:
AFTER I HACKED
INTO SECURITY,
I COULDN'T FIND
A TRACE OF 'EM.
IT'S... LIKE
THEY JUST VANISHED.
'N' IF GOODWIN'S
GOT AHOLD OF 'EM,
THEY COULD BE
ANYWHERE BY NOW.
THEY'RE TRACKING MY SIGNAL...
I GOTTA SIGN OFF QUICK.
[SIGH] I'LL CALL YOU BACK
IF I FIND AN'THING!
Yusei: THANKS.
I'M SORRY... ARE YOUR
FRIENDS MISSING TOO?
YEAH.
AND I BLAME MYSELF.
[GRUNT]
[LUNA GRUNTS]
YUSEI SOMEONE'S
IN THE ALLEY!
HE'S GOT LEO!
[THINKING] AND HE DOESN'T
LOOK TOO HAPPY ABOUT IT.
GREIGER, WHAT ARE YOU
DOING WITH LEO?
RELAX.
HE'S ALRIGHT YUSEI.
HE BROKE INTO
MY GARAGE.
I FOUND HIM SLEEPING
ON THE FLOOR.
[SNORING]
THE BOY'S
SOUND ASLEEP.
HE SURE CAN SNORE
CAN'T HE?
YEP.
THANKS FOR
BRINGING LEO BACK.
I OWE YOU ONE.
FORGET IT.
THE BOY WAS JUST
TRYING TO HELP YOU OUT.
HELP ME OUT?
HE WANTED A SNEAK PEEK
AT MY NEW DUEL RUNNER
LIKE EVERYONE ELSE
OUT THERE!
IN FACT, I HAD TO INSTALL
5 NEW ALARM SYSTEMS
JUST TO KEEP IT
UNDER WRAPS!
YOU GONNA
CALL SECURITY?
[CHUCKLES] NO.
HE REMINDS ME OF
MY OWN LITTLE BROTHER.
[GRUNT]
I'M NOT GONNA
PUNISH HIM JUST 'CAUSE
HE'S TRYING TO HELP YOU
WIN OUR DUEL TOMORROW.
IT WON'T MAKE A DIFFERENCE;
YOU'RE STILL GOIN' DOWN!
I MAY BE A GOOD GUY
OFF THE TRACK!
BUT TRUST ME
WHEN I SAY THAT
YOU DON'T WANT
TO MESS WITH ME
WHEN I'M TURBO DUELING!
AFTER ALL, THESE ARE
THE BIG LEAGUES YUSEI
AND THERE'S QUITE A BIT
RIDING ON THIS TOURNAMENT
FOR ME AND MY FUTURE.
WHAT LIKE
A BIG TROPHY?
BIG TROPHY?
NO, THE FUTURE
I'M TALKING ABOUT
IS FOR MY FAMILY.
THEY'RE FAR AWAY.
WAITING.
HOPING I BRING THEM
SOME HELP.
WE USED TO COUNT
THE STARS TOGETHER.
HERE... THERE'S
ONLY SMOG.
AND YOU?
WHY ARE YOU
DUELING HERE?
MY FRIENDS.
I DON'T HAVE
A CHOICE ABOUT IT.
LEMME GUESS.
GOODWIN MADE YOU AN OFFER
THAT YOU COULDN'T REFUSE,
SOUND RIGHT?
HOW'D YOU KNOW?
HE COME TO YOU TOO?
[GRUNT]
HE OFFERED ME A CHANCE
TO REBUILD
MY FAMILY'S VILLAGE.
MY PEOPLE BELIEVE
THAT OUR FOREFATHERS
WERE SERVANTS OF THE PEOPLE
OF THE STARS,
AND OUR VILLAGE HAS
A DEEP, HIDDEN POWER.
HIDDEN POWER?
ARE YOU TALKING
ABOUT THE LEGEND OF
THE CRIMSON DRAGON?!
THAT'S RIGHT!
THE LEGEND HAS IT
THAT WHOEVER
CONTROLS THE DRAGON
ALSO GETS TO CONTROL
THE DESTINY OF THE WORLD.
I HAVEN'T BEEN BACK
TO MY VILLAGE IN YEARS
BUT AFTER I COMPLETE
MY MISSION HERE
I'LL HEAD BACK
TO REBUILD MY HOME.
YOU CAN'T TRUST
GOODWIN'S WORD
GREIGER.
EASY FOR YOU TO SAY,
BUT I NEED HIS POWER
TO HELP REBUILD
MY VILLAGE!
I HEARD IT WAS CONSUMED
WITH FIRE AND DESTRUCTION
UNLIKE ANY NATURAL DISASTER
EVER SEEN.
THEN DIRECTOR GOODWIN
CAME TO ME.
HE SAID THAT HE'D HELP,
BUT NOT UNTIL I PROMISED
TO HELP HIM WITH HIS QUEST.
GREIGER,
DON'T YOU SEE
YOU'RE BEING USED!
IF IT'S THE ONLY WAY
TO REBUILD MY VILLAGE,
THEN I'LL LET HIM USE ME
ALL HE WANTS, YUSEI.
SORRY, BUT TOMORROW I HAVE
TO WIN, NO MATTER WHAT!
AND MY FRIENDS
NEED ME.
THEN I GUESS WE'LL
LEAVE IT AT THAT.
MAY THE BEST MAN WIN.
YOU'RE A GOOD GUY...
AND IN A PERFECT WORLD
WE'D BOTH
GET WHAT WE WANT
IN THE ARENA TOMORROW.
BUT... THE WORLD
ISN'T PERFECT.
ONE OF US HAS TO LOSE.
AND TOMORROW
IT'S GOING TO BE YOU!
[CROWD CHEERING]
MC: WELCOME BACK
TO THE SEMI-FINALS
OF THE FORTUNE CUP!
4 DUELISTS REMAIN,
AND THE WINNER WILL
TAKE ON JACK ATLAS
IN THE CHAMPIONSHIP DUUUUUUUEL!
FIRST UP IN OUR TURBO DUEL,
WE'VE GOT YUSEI FUDO
SQUARING OFF
AGAINST THE TOWER
OF POWER: GREIGER!
START YOUR ENGINES!!!
[CHEERING]
LUNA, HAVE YOU
SEEN LEO?
YEAH, HE SAID HE HAD
SOMETHING IMPORTANT
TO TELL YUSEI.
Leo: YUSEI?...
I'M REALLY SORRY
ABOUT YESTERDAY.
I WAS JUST
TRYING TO HELP!
I UNDERSTAND.
BUT CHEATING'S
NEVER THE ANSWER.
[SIGH]
BESIDES, I DON'T NEED
TO CHEAT TO BEAT GREIGER.
NOW IF YOU'LL EXCUSE ME
I HAVE A TURBO DUEL TO WIN!
GO FOR IT! [GASP]
AND TAKE HIM DOWN!
I BELIEVE IN YOU!
I KNOW
YOU CAN DO IT!
[CROWD CHEERING]
MC: LADIES AND GENTLEMEN,
LET'S HEAR IT FOR YUSEI!
[CROWD SHOUTING INDISTINCTLY]
[GREIGER THINKING]
THIS IS FOR MY FAMILY
AND ONCE I WIN THE MATCH
I'LL GET EXACTLY WHAT I WANT.
Both: HI GREIGER!
LOOKING GOOD!
[BOTH GIGGLING]
[SCREAMING] HELP US!!!
Greiger: [GRUNT] GOODWIN,
HAVE I GOT A SURPRISE FOR YOU.
[GASP]
WHAT'S THAT SOUND?
AN EARTHQUAKE?!
MC: WILL YOU LOOK AT THAT!
IT'S THE MOST INCREDIBLE
DUEL RUNNER I'VE EVER SEEN!
IT'S A WHOPPER OF A CHOPPER!
IT'S THE WHEELS WITH APPEAL!
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN: IT'S
GREIGER AND HIS BEEEEEEEAST!
THAT'S SOME DUEL RUNNER?!
YUSEI'S GONNA HAVE HIS WORK
CUT OUT FOR HIM.
WHAT'D I MISS?
JUST THAT!
GREIGER'S RUNNER!
Leo: THAT'S WHAT I SAW
IN GREIGER'S GARAGE!
NO WONDER HE HAD AN ALARM,
THAT THING LOOKS SO COOL!
[THINKING] GREIGER, YOU HAD
BETTER NOT JEOPARDIZE MY CHANCES
AT GETTING EVEN WITH YUSEI.
YOU CALL THAT THING
A DUEL RUNNER, YUSEI?
DID IT COME WITH
TRAINING WHEELS FOR YA?
JUST 'CAUSE YOU'RE BIGGER
DOESN'T MEAN
YOU'RE BETTER, GREIGER.
YEAH RIGHT.
TALK TO ME
AFTER THE DUEL'S DONE!
GOOD LUCK...
CAUSE YOU'RE
GONNA NEED IT!!!
AND NOW: TAKE OUT YOUR
SPEED WORLD FIELD SPELLS!
LEEEEET'S ACTIVATE THEM!
D Wheel computer:
DUEL MODE ENGAGED.
AUTOPILOT STANDING BY.
MC: REMEMBER ONLY
THE WINNER ADVANCES
AND IN A TURBO DUEL ONLY
SPEED SPELLS CAN BE USED.
GET READY
TO EAT MY DUST.
Duel runner computer:
COUNTDOWN INITIATED.
READY. SET. DUEL.
I'LL MAKE THE FIRST
MOVE YUSEI!
I DRAW!
AND I THINK I'LL START WITH
THIS: SPELL REACTOR R-E!
[MECHANICAL HISS]
AND NEXT I'LL THROWDOWN
3 FACEDOWNS.
YOU'RE UP!
I SUMMON OUT MY...
[GRUNT]
NOW HOW'S YUSEI
SUPPOSED TO CONCENTRATE
WHEN HE'S GOT 3,000
DECIBELS OF HORSEPOWER
BLARING IN HIS EAR HUH?!
WHO SAYS HE CAN?
FIRST I'LL THROWDOWN
A FACEDOWN,
AND THEN I'LL SUMMON
MY SPEED WARRIOR!
[GRUNTING]
[SHOUT]
IN THAT CASE I ACTIVATE
MY FACEDOWN TRAP CARD!
HIDDEN SOLDIERS!
NOW YOURS TRULY GETS A LEVEL 4
MONSTER FROM MY HAND.
AND I GOT
JUST THE ONE FOR YOU.
HE GOES BY
TRAP REACTOR Y-FI.
N' WITH THIS CARD
ON MY FIELD YUSEI,
I ONLY NEED ONE MORE
FOR A BIG SURPRISE!
[GROWL]
I THINK I KNOW
WHAT GREIGER'S
GOT PLANNED
GUYS!
YUSEI BETTER "REV IT UP"
AND I MEAN FAST!
Yusei: FOR THE FIRST ROUND
SPEED WARRIOR'S
ON THE FIELD,
HE GETS DOUBLE
HIS ATTACK POINTS!
[GROWL]
NOW SEND THAT REACTOR
BACK TO THE SHOP!
[SPEED WARRIOR GROWLS]
[GRUNT]
NO WAY!
DON'T TELL ME
YOU'RE SHOCKED!
I HAD 2 FACEDOWNS
ON MY FIELD
AND ONE OF THEM
WAS FAKE EXPLOSION!
AND NOT ONLY
DOES THIS TRAP
KNOCK OUT YOUR
LOW-OCTANE ATTACK,
BUT I GET A BONUS:
AS IN A LEVEL 5 MONSTER
FROM MY HAND...
BRINGING YOUR
SURPRISE EARLY;
SUMMON REACTOR SK,
JOIN THE PARTY!
[GRUNT]
Duel runner computer:
SUMMON REACTOR SK
IS A MONSTER CARD
THAT INFLICTS
800 POINTS OF DAMAGE
WHEN YOUR OPPONENT
SUMMONS A MONSTER TO THE FIELD.
[GASP]
HE'S GOT ALL 3
REACTORS IN PLAY!
AT LEAST HE DOESN'T
HAVE DELTA REACTOR!
NOW... I WILL ACTIVATE
MY DELTA REACTOR!
THIS CARD SENDS
SUMMON REACTOR,
TRAP REACTOR,
AND SPELL REACTOR
ALL TO THE GRAVEYARD.
I HATE TO DO THIS
TO YOU YUSEI,
BUT LIKE I TOLD YOU
LAST NIGHT,
ONE OF US HAS TO LOSE,
AND TODAY IT'S YOU!!
YUSEI, NO!
I SUMMON: FLYING FORTRESS
SKY FIRE!
MC: IT LOOKS LIKE THAT
BAD BIKE'S NOT JUST FOR SHOW!
GREIGER BRINGS OUT
HIS BIG BANG BEAST
IN THE SECOND ROUND!
IF YOU THOUGHT IT WAS
LOUD IN HERE BEFORE,
JUST GET A LOAD OF THIS:
YOU LOSE 800 POINTS OF DAMAGE
IF YOU EVER SUMMON
A MONSTER OR PLACE
ONE CARD FACEDOWN!
AND IF THAT
WEREN'T ENOUGH,
THE CARD YOU JUST PLAYED
WILL ALSO BE DESTROYED!
JUST FACE IT FRIEND:
YOU CAN'T MAKE A MOVE
WITHOUT GETTING HURT!
MY FAMILY NEEDS ME,
WHICH MEANS THAT
YOU'RE GONNA
HAVE TO LOSE
THIS MATCH YUSEI!
[CONCERNED GROWL]